Security Plugins (#1)
humanmade/platform-security: docs/audit-log.md

# Audit Log

All change activity made in the CMS is tracked in the Audit Log. This provides a historical account of who changed what, when. The Audit Log is "always on" and tracks changes across all sites.

Audit logging base functionality is provided by the [Stream](https://github.com/xwp/stream/) plugin.

> The Audit Log is tamper resistent. Once entries have been added to the Audit Log, they can not be removed. This is to preserve knowledge of historical changes for auditing and compliance purposes. The Cloud infrastructure application layer has no permissions to delete or modify records, therefore it's even resilient to modification from rogue custom code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Audit Log is tamper resistant. Once entries have been added to the Audit Log, they can not be removed. This is to preserve knowledge of historical changes for auditing and compliance purposes. The Cloud infrastructure application layer has no permissions to delete or modify records, therefore it's also resilient to modification from rogue custom code.
```
Spelling and a grammatical correction

> The Audit Log will also persistent site restores, overrides and imports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Audit Log will also be persistent across site restores, overrides and imports.
```
